the transition to clinicals in the
United States was one of great ease the
fit semester at AUC really prepares us
for what the clinical experience will be
like in the United States so you can
walk in the door with confidence knowing
what to expect my transition from st.
Martin coming back into the u.s. for
clinicals was relatively smooth I feel
like the island really gears our
education towards an American system as
far as taking the same boards and
studying from the same material that
American students use AZ students are
well prepared when they start their
medical rotation with us
they have good communication skills they
display a high degree of professionalism
and they evenness to learn make them an
integral part of our team my experience
so far has been amazing I mean the
ability to interact with patients to see
different cases to be involved with
cases especially on surgery you know
it's very student dependent at the same
time it's very structured everybody at
NASA University Medical Center was very
welcoming I've only done my rotations
here but it seemed like if you were nice
your positive attitude and you were
willing to learn
then everybody here was willing to teach
you as an international medical school
our students also have a phenomenal
opportunity during their third and
fourth year to complete clerkships in
the United Kingdom our students have the
opportunity to practice and learn
medicine in a country that has a very
different system of medical care system
of medical care which de-emphasizes
laboratory tests and really emphasizes
the importance of doing a comprehensive
physical and a comprehensive history
we've teach lots of medical students
from lots of different schools around
London but really the AUC students
always take the biskits they're very
enthusiastic they put in the extra hours
and they're willing to go that extra
mile they're very very energetic folk
from day one is accepted in the clinical
team people respect to my judgement on
patient cases there haven't been any
problem
one of the cool things about being out
of the US is that I get to see a lot of
things that we would not see back in the
States
it's been really rewarding to apply book
knowledge to actual clinical practice
you